here's just a quick look at my card it's
a PT Cruiser let's take a look inside on
the back seat so let's just start off
with what I keep in my back seat start
um I'm sorry for the floor mats are here
I just got this car a little bit ago so
I haven't gotten my floor mats from
Amazon yet that I want to put in here
but this is just a cute little it's
supposed to be for your trunk and has
velcro on the bottom so it sticks to
your trunk really easily but I just keep
it in the back seat because it's easier
to turn around just reach - so there's
an umbrella in here definitely must have
especially if you're a commuter just
some body spray some wet ones some more
body spray um I have this little phone
thing that sticks your dashboard that I
really need to put on with the bottoms
like not sticky anymore so it's like
duct tape it or something and then I
have this I'm Adventure Time thin um
sorry there's a guy walking on the
street scared me but that's somewhat
Adventure Time thin little gym bag thing
that I just keep some extra clothes in
so I have like shorts shirt socks just
anything extra that you might need you
never know I'm in here just like winter
stuff so I'll have like a little scraper
thing for the windows and some gloves in
like a winter you know earmuffs thing
and then some duct tape I guess I could
duct tape that to my - I don't know I
don't know so it's a little preference
so when you're inside looking at the
door this is the driver's side door and
I keep this little um basically like my
little emergency kid that I just keep
everything in so the first thing is this
Johnson & Johnson emergency kit
it just has like band-aids and some
gauze I think it was just like 99 cents
in the Travel section at Walmart and
then I just have another mini first-aid
kit I have no idea where this came from
literally no idea but I have it in there
so yeh can't wait to say oh I have these
little optic white wisp like little
toothbrush things these come in handy a
lot guys
and then I have like oh my gosh it seems
so cute oh my gosh is so cute let me try
to open it with one hand okay so it has
a mirror and then down here it has like
a little thing that I filled with
contact solution than it has tweezers
for contacts and then this little thingy
that you use take your contacts out of
and then a contact case it's amazing if
your contacts are bugging you just take
them right out love it now only a couple
bucks at Amazon and then I have just
some stress relief hand sanitizer which
I'm actually going to put in this little
cup holder down sexy okay and then I
have a little bit of mouthwash love you
never know guys you never know I might
forget to mouth wash in the morning my
forget for sure please you got class and
then I just have this root beer like
chapstick with hair ties wrapped around
it let's just so I can keep my hair ties
there do you guys do this to keep your
hair ties like so you never lose them I
do
and then lastly oh I just have this
thing that I got from the dentist it's
just a little floss or thingy again you
never know you could be like Audi and
lunch and you look in the mirror before
class or work you have something you'll
take so this is a nice thing deck
another great thing that I love is this
okay this is an exhilarating cord for a
cassette player you plug it right in
your phone you can listen to Spotify
whatever you want it's amazing oh my
gosh love it and then down here I just
have the hand sanitizer they're just
found and a little car coaster thing so
like II thought that F it was on as well
moving down to the middle I just have
these oh whoops these little shout wipe
and go stain remover things a good time
to go stick I keep a tide to go stick in
my purse but I thought these were cool
they're only dollar at the checkout line
like Walmart or Kmart or something but
look cool stuff to see how they work if
I were gonna stand Karina I'm just keep
those right down there and then I have
some more wet legs my phone charger and
down here under this cute little cup
holder thing this used to like flipping
right in here in my old car but the
thing broke so
let's keeping the cupholder now so have
a little hairspray a pen some more
chargers and some more hand sanitizer
yeah I need hairspray because I always
like my driving school is about a half
hour or so as soon as I get there doors
that my hair is already looking ratchet
so I got to get some hairspray on then
fix those flyaways so look how cute this
is hello kitty though and since the car
is not on right now I actually can't
show you this part but this is the thing
that actually turns on you press the
button right here you know and then it
turns on and tells you the temperature
and everything outside and then this
right here is just for the sunroof and
then over here on the passenger side I'm
in the little mirror thingy I just keep
all my old-school CDs I haven't bought a
CD in so many years you guys but these
are all like what I listen to like
eighth grade ninth grade year so I have
like Fall Out Boy boys like girls shout
out Wayne pink all these really old
titties all have a Pussycat Dolls in
there all these just really old CDs but
I still listen to them I love them let
me just take a moment to look at this
car seat covered my boyfriend just put
on for me it's beautiful it's beautiful
it doesn't match the car but that's ok
just just forget it and the trunk
there's actually nothing special I just
wanted to show you guys real quick right
down here just have when those emergency
kits
it holds jumper cables a first-aid kit a
flashlight batteries a whole bunch of
stuff hopefully you never need but just
in case so then over here does have an
old blanket you never know the blanket
comes in handy if you're ever like out
having a spontaneous picnic or something
you need to lay blanket down it's pretty
dirty because I've used it for that a
couple times or like if I had my dog in
the back seat and we just went for like
a walk or something but yeah that's
pretty much all I keep in my car and I
hope you guys enjoyed the video I mean
it's not much it's a 2002 it's used but
it's good enough for me it's gonna do
the job that I need it to do and I like
it I mean look at this color so sparkly
and one more thing I just wanted to tell
you guys that in the downbar below there
are links to everything that is in my
car and also don't forget to subscribe
for a new video every week